[GeoMechanicsApplication] Partially saturated flow does not work as expected (#12914)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: applications/GeoMechanicsApplication/tests/test_partially_saturated/README.md

# Test Cases for partially saturated flow
## Saturated below phreatic level

**Author:** [Mohamed Nabi](https://github.com/mnabideltares)

**Source files:** [Partially saturated flow](https://github.com/KratosMultiphysics/Kratos/tree/master/applications/GeoMechanicsApplication/tests/test_partially_saturated)

## Case Specification

> In this test case, a column of 1 x 5 m soil is considered (set between -5 m and 0 m). A phreatic line is set at the level of $y = -2$ m. The water pore pressure field is then calculated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this test case, a column of 1 x 5 m soil is considered (set between $`y = -5 \mathrm{m}`$ and $`y = 0 \mathrm{m}`$). A phreatic line is set at the level of $y = -2$ m. The water pore pressure field is then calculated.
```

Reviewer 2: done.

The simulation is done on a double stage process, and steady state Pw and U-Pw elements are considered. This test is conducted for various configurations, including

- 2D3N: for Pw and U-Pw small strain elements
- 2D6N: for Pw and U-Pw small strain and U-Pw different order elements.

> The pressure distribution along the column is then evaluated with its alalytical result.

Reviewer: A typo (and perhaps use "compare" rather than "evaluate"?):
```suggestion
The pressure distribution along the column is then compared with its analytical result.
```

Reviewer 2: done.
